[4.9] google cloud pubsub extension (#4)
hivemq/hivemq-google-cloud-pubsub-hello-world-customization: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Welcome to the HiveMQ Community!

> Glad to see your interest in contributing to HiveMQ Google Cloud PubSub Extension Hello World Customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Glad to see your interest in contributing to HiveMQ Google Cloud Pub/Sub Extension Hello World Customization.
```
